Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610
There's progress
in my investigation.
A new video from your house.
You can see Yosef there.
the son of a bitch who did it.
I'm not there anymore.
By God. this is blood vengeance.
Try to focus on the memory that came up.
Lots of smoke. Everyone's dead.
They're children.
Doron. you're in a process
and we're on the right track.
Salem came to visit me today. - Don't
let him put ideas in your head. got it?
Nothing will bring back
Hagit and the children.
Doron. it's not your fault.
You don't need to take responsibility for him.
But he's alone.
Since Yosef's death.
the devil controls his thoughts.
Is this his?
- Yes.
Khalas. I promise you.
The one filmed here
is Iyad Dahduh.
a Nukhba terrorist who now lives in Marseille.
Someone needs to stop
those two madmen.
Next in line. please.
Tell me. is Rami around?
- Who wants him?
Tell him. al-Badawi (the Bedouin).
This restaurant is his.
What about the thing I asked you for?
It's him.
Salem. khalas. We'll hand his details
to the police. to intelligence. and that's it.
This is the son of a bitch
who went into your house and burned it down.
My commander did it.
What's the commander's name?
- Maher Zaitoun.
He lives here.
Here. here. in Marseille.
He works at a center.
At the Yuma center.
Salem!
Shit.
What are you doing here. bro?
- What happened here?
Goddammit.
Get up. get up. you idiot.
Come. let's take him to the dumpster.
Yalla. quick.
Ready?
Salem. - Yalla. Eli.
we have to get out of here.
Come.
Watch the door.
- Where to. bro?
Get in.
Take a quick shower. yalla.
We have a flight in an hour and a half.
I'm not coming.
What do you mean you're not coming?
I'm staying here.
We need to get out of here.
do you understand that?
The Nukhba guy. he said
there's someone else here.
Maher Zaitoun.
He murdered them.
He was his commander.
He's here. in Marseille.
I have his address.
I need to find him.
to talk to him.
In a second all of France
will be on our heads.
We have to get out of here now.
- Then get out of here.
So leave. Leave.
Who invited you anyway?
Go. go back to your nice life.
Go. do your therapy sessions.
- Yalla. get in the shower.
Let go of me. you son of a bitch.
Calm down. - Let go of me.
Calm down. - Let go of me. - Calm down.
Let go of me. let go of me. let go
of me.
Calm down.
Breathe. Breathe.
Breathe. - Sorry. bro.
- Breathe.
Breathe. - I have no life.
I have no life. - Breathe.
I have no life anymore. - Breathe.
- My head.
My head. everything's black.
Everything's black. - Enough.
Everything. - Enough.
Let go of me. let go of me.
And Salem. he was right.
I won't have a life.
If I don't finish them off. I have no
life.
I can't go on.
Go. go. please.
Go home. Leave me alone.
You know I'm not leaving
you here alone. right?
What did this Iyad say? What?
Maher. he was his cell commander.
He was there at the house.
What are the odds that two people from the same
cell are here in Marseille. huh?
Doron. I looked into his eyes.
I saw it.
He spoke the truth.
Listen to me carefully.
We go there together.
you and I.
and we get out of him what he's got.
We check what he has to say.
interrogate him. get everything
out of him.
and we make
all the decisions together. got it?
Got it?
Got it.
Stop. sir. you're at
a crime scene. Excuse me.
Catherine.
Agent Bruno. how are you?
A phone call that wakes you
with three bodies before coffee.
it's a shitty world.
You're telling me?
What happened to our beautiful city?
A day will come and it'll go back
to being the pearl of the Mediterranean.
Well...
So what happened here?
It started with a brawl in the restaurant.
The first victim was killed there.
Naji Mahmoud.
A local man of Algerian descent.
With a criminal record. typical.
The second victim is unidentified.
He's not French and has no documents.
He's an illegal immigrant.
- Could be.
And the man lying here
is Iyad Dahduh.
Age 42. a Palestinian who came from Gaza
a year and a half ago.
He tried to flee.
but they caught him.
He struggled. but as you can see.
he lost.
So what's your initial theory?
A robbery gone wrong. They emptied the register
and took the hard drive
of the security cameras.
You're right.
This isn't just some damn robbery.
This is the work of professionals.
Israelis?
Could be.
Get your people out on the street.
let them find who talked.
Okay.
But if there's an agent here
from the Ministry of National Security.
it's probably something else. no?
Maybe yes. maybe no.
Okay. you know how to reach me.
Send me all the findings.
fingerprints. DNA. etc. - Yes.
Don't miss anything.
Of course.
You're not done yet?
- No. I'm not done yet.
I'm stressed.
I'm meeting the head of the program today.
I'm afraid that what I've been writing
for six months is crap
and no one cares
and no one will read it.
And you're not listening to me.
What?
- What?
You weren't listening.
- Sorry.
What's the matter?
Work stuff. that's all.
Abu Zaher is breathing down my neck.
Regarding your meeting.
maybe try to go into it
with a positive attitude. for a change?
You have to deal with the fact
that you chose an original subject.
It makes sense that it takes time.
The persistent and diligent one reaches the goal.
Which means...
that it'll be okay.
I don't know. I hope so.
I'm sure. It'll be a groundbreaking
and brilliant article.
that'll improve the lives of thousands of refugee
families across Europe.
Liar.
But you're sweet.
See? I'm wearing it.
Wow. it's beautiful.
I love it.
and I love you.
There he is.
Maher Zaitoun.
That's their commander?
Are you sure? That nerd?
That's what he said.
How do you know? Did you see a photo of him
or something? - It's him.
There's a photo of him on Yuma's website.
What's with these French women?
Colonialist guilt.
Or love.
France makes you romantic.
Don't forget. in Jenin too
I'm romantic. bro. Remember?
Doron. keep your distance.
So he doesn't notice us.
He turned there.
I see. bro. don't worry.
This is the community center
that Iyad talked about.
There's a lot of security here.
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
Move. this way. come on. move.
Salaam alaikum.
- Wa alaikum salaam.
- Wa alaikum salaam. Maher.
Thank you.
Okay.
Okay. fine.
Okay. keep searching well.
Maybe you'll find something.
I have to hang up now.
Keep me updated.
What happened?
Hell.
Please sit.
I want to tell you something.
You heard about Iyad.
We're still trying to understand
if it's related to our affairs.
In the meantime. you stay here today.
in the area.
What's the status of our money?
When can we withdraw all the money?
All of it?
We can withdraw a certain amount
immediately.
but the rest
only in a few days.
Okay. yalla. speed it up.
Maher.
Not a word about what we discussed.
- Of course.
And tell the bank we need
the money.
Abu Zaher.
should I personally be worried?
Maher.
we're from Gaza.
We were born worried.
Salaam alaikum.
- Wa alaikum salaam wa rahmat Allah.
Fuck. the door's open. bro.
What's that. a gun.
or are you just happy to see me?
What's he doing here?
I called him.
Thanks for coming. my brother.
- Of course.
For you. up to half the kingdom. bro.
Ahlan. Doron.
Well. hygiene comes first. huh?
Tell me. you bring
this nutjob without telling me?
He works in London.
I thought an extra hand wouldn't hurt.
We said we make decisions together.
What's not clear here. huh?
I can hear you.
What. is there a problem?
- Yes.
What is it?
Cool. so while
you think about the answer.
know that I'm here for him
and only for him
and the things between us.
we'll settle in another place
and another time. - Cool. - Cool.
Thanks for coming.
Yeah. yeah.
I swear to God
I'm talking to everyone.
Now. now.
We'll be in touch soon.
All right.
Okay.
Excuse me a moment.
I'm just talking to the bank.
- Excellent.
When you finish. I want you to go home
and pack a bag for a few days.
You'll sleep here. just to be safe.
- Why. what happened?
We'll talk about it later.
Go home and wait until Hassan and Ali
come to pick you up.
From now on I don't want
anyone walking around alone. clear?
Hello?
- Hi. sorry.
I had... something here.
Yes. as I told the lady.
we want to withdraw the money
from the account immediately.
Yes. all the money.
We have a once-in-a-lifetime
business opportunity.
Thank you.
What a terrible day.
You won't believe...
Phone on the floor
and hands forward.
On the floor.
We have a few questions to ask you.
If you lie to us. your beautiful wife
will join your friend Iyad.
What friend?
I don't understand what you're talking about.
Where were you on October 7th?
- I was at my home in Gaza.
Liar.
You were in the kibbutzim in Israel.
You're Nukhba.
- No. I swear to God I'm not.
You're not Hamas?
- What?
Yes. I worked with Hamas.
but only as an accountant.
An accountant. not a fighter.
On October 7th I was at my home in Gaza.
You commanded the attack on the kibbutz
and you slaughtered whole families.
like dogs.
No. I swear to God
you're confused.
I'm not the man you're looking for.
I swear to you.
Don't lie. Iyad. your friend from Gaza.
told us everything.
What Iyad?
Iyad Dahduh? - Yes.
He's a liar.
He lied to you.
that son of sixty thousand whores.
I'll tell you.
There's a financial matter between me and Iyad.
He owes me money.
I swear to God he owes me money.
I take it you don't love her.
No... no. no.
I love her
more than anything else in my life.
I love you.
I love you. my beautiful.
I love her more than my own life.
I love you.
Concentrate well
or she'll pay
the price of your lies.
I'll ask you
one last time.
what did you do on October 7th?
I'll talk.
I'll talk. but not in front of her.
Sit here.
Not a word. huh?
Be quiet.
Everything okay?
Talk.
I worked with Hamas.
but not as a fighter.
I was a Shin Bet agent.
Don't lie.
You're Jews. right?
Israelis. right?
I'm deep. deep inside all
their affairs. Hamas's.
I swear to God. Check me out.
- What affairs?
I can't talk. I'm not allowed.
Call my handler.
She'll tell you.
Call and see.
On my phone there's a number
under the name "Zoheir Insurance."
That's the number of your Shin Bet
switchboard.
"Ace of Clubs."
I'm "Ace of Clubs."
This is the international switchboard.
- Zoheir Insurance -
"You've reached Eldan Agricultural Insurance.
We can't take your call at this time.
Please leave your name
and phone number.
and we'll get back to you shortly."
"Ace of Clubs."
Good evening. Ace of Clubs.
Please state the requested extension now.
Code bathtub.
One moment. sir.
How are you. Maher?
Maher?
Maher. do you hear me?
Where are you from?
How did they recruit you?
Talk! What did you do?
Talk. you son of a bitch.
What did you do?
Let's get out of here now
because they'll trace the call.
What are you doing?
- Where are you taking me?
To your handler.
We'll see what she says.
We'll walk from here to the car.
no problems. huh?
Bro. if he's a collaborator.
it'll make problems for us.
Collaborator or not.
this dick comes with us.
He's Amira's. so let's talk
to her. - He stays in our hands.
Is there a back entrance here?
Steve. bring the car.
Just give me an excuse.
The number you dialed... - Goddammit.
can't take your call right now.
That was the intention.
Right. that's exactly what I said.
Yeah. Moti. Moti.
let me call you back.
Maher made contact.
He identified himself in the system.
reached me. and then silence.
He wasn't alone.
It's on your computer.
How are you. Maher?
Maher?
Maher. do you hear me?
That's it?
- His phone is now disconnected.
This doesn't feel good to me at all.
Okay. send the people
from the Paris branch over there.
No. no. no.
Maher is a sensitive matter.
He doesn't talk to just anyone.
I'm thinking of going there myself.
Are you sure?
A hundred percent.
Okay. talk to Revital so she connects
you with the field security guards. - Okay.
Dana. how's your head?
Dealing with it.
What about the neurologist
I sent you to?
Find time for it.
don't neglect it.
I'm on it.
The killers took the hard drive
of the restaurant's security cameras.
but we have footage
from the security cameras
of the supermarket across the street. - Very good.
Well. here we see two
sitting on the bench.
here we see them going in.
and later. a third man arrives
and enters through the side door.
Then. later.
two of them come out.
and only one stays inside.
that's Salem al-Heib.
We identified him with facial recognition.
Very good.
- An Israeli Arab.
He's from the Bedouin tribe.
What's that? - The Bedouins.
they're a nomadic tribe living in Israel.
Usually they serve in the army.
and they're considered excellent fighters.
trackers.
Wow. we're in good shape.
What happened. Pierre?
Did something else happen?
A suspected kidnapping
of a Gazan.
Oh no.
What do you want from me?
I told you...
Shut up. you son of a bitch.
You son of a bitch.
You realize that now not only the French.
the service is after us too.
If he's a collaborator.
he probably did something.
That's how this business works.
you know.
The Shin Bet doesn't recruit just
some innocent accountant.
But he's with the Shin Bet.
Now we work against the system?
Fuck the system. Fuck it.
You're completely messed up.
If this happened
to Gali. God forbid.
what would you do?
Exactly the same thing.
Look me in the eyes
and say you wouldn't.
I don't care
what he gives the Shin Bet.
If he touched Hagit and the children.
he needs to die.
If.
We'll see soon.
Besides the bird tattoo.
did you notice any other identifying details?
A scar. a birthmark. an unusual
eye color? - No. nothing.
And you said they wore gloves
the whole time? - Yes.
Can you tell me what they
talked about? Did you make out any word?
They talked about October 7th.
Iyad. kibbutz.
Hamas.
And what did your husband answer?
That he has nothing to do with any of it.
They hit him again and again and again.
Forgive me for insisting.
but do you know what your husband did
on October 7th?
Did he even talk to you about it?
No. and we told each other everything.
Are you sure?
I'm trying to understand the motive.
- I told you the motive.
Weren't you listening to me?
Damn it.
I know my husband.
I know who he is.
I know what a wonderful person he is.
He helped refugees rebuild their lives
after they suffered from the siege in Gaza.
So instead of implying he did something
wrong.
I want you to bring him back to me.
Do you want us to take a break?
I don't want any break.
I want you to bring him back to me.
Okay.
We'll find him.
Put out an alert to everyone. one with a tattoo
in the shape of a bird on the right hand.
It's time you did
your job.
What did you say?
Talk to me like that one more time.
and I'll arrest you
and all your friends from Yuma.
Understood?
You're always welcome with us.
Abu Zaher.
- Yes. Anne?
The Israelis. what do they want from him?
- Anne...
Did he do something?
I need to know.
What you said is true.
Don't look for logic
where it doesn't exist.
In Palestine. those dogs can
come to you in the middle of the night.
torture you. and then throw you
in prison for months. for no reason.
Don't worry.
This isn't their home here
and with God's help. we'll find him
and bring him back to you alive.
Swear to me.
In the name of Allah.
He'll return to your arms healthy
and whole.
Don't worry.
Sorry.
Guys. you're making a mistake.
- Shh...
Look at them.
This is the family you murdered.
You.
Understand. I know you were there.
Iyad
told me everything.
Yalla.
talk.
Tell me the whole story.
Detail by detail.
On that day...
- No. no. no.
Tell me everything that happened
detail by detail.
I swear to God I wasn't there.
I swear to you.
Iyad lied to you.
I'm an accountant. not a fighter.
Talk to my captain.
She'll tell you everything.
Iyad stole money from the movement
and I caught him.
He thought I wouldn't tell
because I know he's a Gazan.
I swear.
I swear on my wife's eyes that I wasn't
there. Please. believe me. please.
I wasn't there.
I swear to you I wasn't...
Not me.
Please. believe me
that I did nothing.
Tell me.
can we put the things
between us aside for a sec and talk calmly?
Go ahead.
Eli's not in a good way.
He's dangerous.
Dangerous to himself. to those around him.
I can't get him out of this
alone. I need you with me.
Why. on the 7th that worked
out so great for you? - Oh really.
Yeah. really.
Maybe if we'd gone more
with Eli and less with your ego.
we wouldn't be here now.
Mister "I'll be right back."
Or do you still not remember
what happened. huh?
I asked to put this aside.
- So what if you asked?
When I asked. did you listen?
Huh?
Like hell you listened.
and we saw how it ended.
After all. you only
ever listen to yourself. right?
So now I'm with Eli
and if you don't like it.
you're welcome to fuck off out of here.
Cool.
What "cool"? What. where are you going?
I'm fucking off out of here. like you asked.
Good luck to you both.
Seriously? - Seriously. yeah.
Move.
Son of a bitch.
Salaam alaikum.
- Wa alaikum salaam.
Give me a phone card.
Thanks for the support. brother.
Where are your friends from?
Palestine.
May God grant you victory.
Thank you.
Who are you going to talk to? Huh?
- With Gali.
Gali?
- Yes.
Is it necessary now?
- Yes. it's necessary now.
But I want to talk to her alone.
Call.
Yes? - Amira.
Traitor. goddammit...
- What do you want? Huh?
Want to burn us down? Huh?
Go ahead.
Hello.
How are you. Amira?
This is Amir.
- Doron?
What's this phone?
What... what's going on?
"Ace of Clubs." that's what's going on.
What. you have him?
You're in Marseille?
I'll ask you once
and think carefully.
Did this dog murder Eli's family?
- What? No way.
Doron. come on.
calm down for a second. okay?
Tell the truth.
did he touch them?
Who's that there. Steve?
Tell me. where's Maher?
What did you do to him?
Amira. answer me. Is it possible
you recruited Hagit's killer?
Doron. listen.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I just landed in Marseille.
You release him to me now.
otherwise you go to prison for
life. Do you hear me?
Did he touch her or not?
He didn't touch her.
did you hear?
It's not him.
Doron. did you hear?
Fuck.
I'm with Eli.
Whatever he says. I'll do.
- Okay.
You're Shin Bet. right?
You hit like them.
Take breaks like them.
Can't do anything to me. like them.
If you want to take out
your anger on me. go ahead.
just stop this act
because I won't talk to you.
Oh yeah?
It seems you didn't understand what I told you.
You just want revenge.
don't want to hear anything.
I told you. it's not me
and you'll never know what I did
because I won't talk to you.
You think you're smart.
huh?
You're right.
I was in the Shin Bet.
but that was a long time ago.
Today...
Today I'm not in that place
and I can do
whatever I want.
Talk. you son of a bitch!
Talk. you son of a bitch! Talk! - Let go
of him! Let go of him! - Talk! Talk!
Talk. you son of a bitch!
He's lying!
He's lying. that son of a bitch.
It's not him!
- I can see it in his eyes!
He murdered my Hagit.
Enough! Enough!
Dana said it's not him.
You talked to her? You talked to her?
You talked to Dana behind my back?
I talked to her. yes.
Dana swore to me it's not him.
Tell me. what do you want. huh?
You want to kill a collaborator?
You know what they'll do to us
if they find out we killed a collaborator
that we knew was a collaborator?
Bro. you decide.
You say you saw it in his eyes.
you decide. I'm with you.
You shut your mouth.
Enough!
It's not him.
Are you the guys from the branch?
- Alon.
Shit.
Do you have anything for a headache?
- No. sorry. I have some in the office.
Office? How will an office
help me now?
I'm listening.
The collaborator is with me.
I'll hand him over to you.
but I have two conditions.
You're not really
in a position for conditions. are you?
First. you get us back
to Israel as fast as possible.
I don't care how.
Do I look like a travel agency to you?
I don't follow.
Second. even in Israel I need
a guarantee that no one touches us.
I'll hand him over to you.
you come alone. no guards. got it?
Send me a time and location.
Okay. that was the collaborator.
I need to go meet him.
No problem.
Tell me where. and we'll go.
Alone.
That's against orders.
Alon?
Come arrange a vehicle for me quickly.
I'm going to meet
the collaborator alone. clear?
Done.
Thank you.
Look at me.
You'd better not draw
the people's attention.
Yalla. get up. get up. get up.
Get dressed. yalla.
No. no. no. where are you going?
I'm going alone. - What do you mean alone?
- Alone.
I already have to explain to her
why he looks like this.
Stay here. clean the apartment.
I'll be back soon.
Come.
I missed this smell.
In Gaza we had a house by the sea.
When I was a small child.
I'd go out with my grandfather
before dawn. when everything was dark.
and we'd go fishing.
Then he'd go down to the market
to sell the fish.
Until one day he went out and didn't come back.
One of your bombs.
I don't care.
Okay. I tried.
What did you try?
- To let you know me.
To let you know I'm a human being.
not just jihad and Hamas.
I'm much more than that.
We're people who had a grandfather
whom they loved.
and loved going to the sea.
But you don't see us that way.
To you. we're not human beings.
- Don't play the victim.
You're a traitor. you're a spy.
and if they recruited you.
then you're probably a big son of a bitch.
because you're a coward
and didn't end up like your grandfather.
Where is he?
- In the car.
God help us.
what did you do to him? Idiots.
The one who needs to give answers here is you.
- Tell me. what. are you for real?
We'll settle this in Israel. cool?
Within an hour you'll be at the back
of the consulate. - Okay.
Yalla. get out.
Come. Maher. come.
Man. I swear to you I forgot.
Tell your boiling-mad friend
that I didn't murder his wife.
I swear to God
I didn't murder her.
I just fucked her grandmother
and then I slaughtered the bitch.
Doron. no!
Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610